[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
If you're like me,
you may have been
through all of the stages
of chemtrail analysis,
from the shock
of looking up and
realizing something
isn't right to anger, and
perhaps even to apathy,
when your questions are
not being validated.
And this is the question.
If it's happening, why isn't
anyone talking about it?
Well, one weatherman
meteorologist is.
He took notice.
Scott Stevens.
Not only did he take the
study of chemtrails seriously
full tilt, he made some
startling discoveries,
and Scott's with us today.
And we've only
chatted off camera.
This is the first time we've
met you, but I have to say,
in speaking with you
I found you incredibly
lucid on the subject.
And so many times I thought,
these meteorologists,
they're seeing this
stuff, aren't they
noticing that it seems
to have something
to do with weather patterns?
And why isn't anyone
saying anything?
So, we go to you, OK?
>>SCOTT STEVENS: That's a
couple of good questions
because I was one
of those guys that,
as I look at what's happened
in my discovery, my awakening
period, which is coming
up on 15 years now,
that they have been in the
sky while I was on the air,
that I can look at it.
I've always been an
avid photographer.
I can look back at
pictures from the '80s
and see them in my
own photographs.
>>REGINA: And in movies.
>>STEVENS: And so,
they've always been there.
And so, how do you
recognize that something
has changed when in
your professional career
they've always been there?
This is how I was largely
able to dismiss it
as it's just air traffic.
Oh, look at that cool
pattern up there.
Look at that.
Isn't that kind of cool?
You should take a shot of it,
and that is the end of it.
That's the end of the
inquisitive part of it.
>>REGINA: But you
know, when I first
started studying chemtrails,
which is in the year 2000,
when I moved to Sedona
because everyone was saying,
hey, look at that stuff.
And it was a very heavily
sprayed community, one
of the top three in the
country, was our understanding,
by Carnicom.
You look at it-- and I started
taking pictures, like you did,
and all-- the thing
that you notice
is we've always seen
the little matchstick
trail of the normal emissions.
Those aren't normal, and they
haven't always been around.
We didn't see them
puffing up as kids.
>>STEVENS: I don't remember it.
>>REGINA: No, somewhere in the
'80s, as you say, it seems--
>>STEVENS: Or even earlier.
>>REGINA: Or maybe earlier,
but it wasn't common.
It wasn't crisscrossing
every sky.
So, some of these
meteorologists-- and you
are a meteorologist--
had to have noticed.
There is a direct correlation
between their presence
and weather.
>>STEVENS: There has to be.
I first came across the term, I
was probably reading rense.com.
You know, '97, '98 time period.
And I'm coming across
this story, chemtrails,
weather modification.
I'm like, guys, come on, now.
>>REGINA: You
conspiracy theorists.
>>STEVENS: Leave
the weather alone.
Please, leave it alone.
It's my sacred cow.
Don't mess with it.
And so, it was very
easy to wipe it away
because they didn't
understand proper cloud names.
They didn't name them correctly.
They're out to kill
us all, and there's
better ways to kill people
than dealing with contrails.
So, I was able to
really rationally,
scientifically throw a lot
of those first websites
that I looked at
into the trash bin.
It was very, very easy
to do because they
were so ignorant to
meteorological processes.
But that didn't
stop the stories.
Month after month, another
story, another picture.
Clifford Carnicom's
name started coming up.
Then there's a DC-9,
or an MD-80 now,
as it's called, with a full
trial coming off a wingspan,
and I'm like, hm,
that's curious.
So, you put these notes.
And one of the things
I always promised
myself is not to throw away
any bit of information.
We're only here to create
a composite picture.
Each bit of information
goes up on the wall.
It's a pixel in the
picture with its own color
and its own brightness,
the brightness
depending on what I felt the
truthfulness or the clarity
of the information was.
We're just going to
build this picture,
so I just kept
devouring information,
trying to build knowledge.
By 2002, I had had enough.
I thought, I'll get to the
point where I've got a newsroom,
I've got the live feeds,
and I can figure this out.
I can figure this thing out.
And then I came across
Lieutenant Colonel Bearden,
Tom Bearden.
>>REGINA: Yeah, Tome Bearden.
>>STEVENS: Tom
Bearden, cheniere.org.
>>REGINA: We all found him
at some point on the journey.
>>STEVENS: We did.
And I wasn't interested
in the weather.
I was interested in free energy.
>>REGINA: Right.
So, tell us how that
started dovetailing in.
>>STEVENS: Well, it
did because I figured
if we could solve
our oil problem,
we would solve our global
warming issue with CO2.
Get us off of fossil
fuels, and that issue,
which I came to understand
was an illusion,
would rectify itself.
So, we have the solutions in
all of these free energy devices
to our CO2 problem.
>>REGINA: And explain.
Tom Bearden is more or less
the godfather of free energy.
>>STEVENS: Scalar energetics
is what he called it.
>>REGINA: Yes, and he was
putting the schematics
for this stuff out free.
>>STEVENS: Way over my head.
>>REGINA: But free.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, they're there.
>>REGINA: For anyone who had
the ability to understand it.
He wasn't trying to
withhold anything.
That was what was so
beautiful about him.
>>STEVENS: He was in
army intelligence,
and so, he was coming
across satellite photographs
of these massive chimneys,
as he called them,
in the Soviet Arctic, venting
incredible plumes of steam.
So, they were venting
heat from some thing,
some project, some technology.
And in his understanding,
it was scalar technology,
and that as he dug
through his resources,
and his understanding,
and his detective work,
that the Soviets began
engineering weather over North
America in 1976.
And I've got pictures of
chemtrails over the states--
>>REGINA: In '76.
>>STEVENS: In '76.
So, I'm them going through
this is it us versus them?
Are we dealing with this
east-west, American-eastern
paradigm?
So, who's doing it to whom?
Still, that's a tangent.
>>REGINA: No, but
that's interesting
because no one thought of
who's doing it to whom.
We've just assumed
it was domestic.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
But then there's
supposed to be treaties
saying you can't do
it to foreign lands.
That doesn't keep you from
doing it your own population.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>STEVENS: Or having the
technology handed over
to corporations--
>>REGINA: To do it
to the population.
>>STEVENS: To do it
to the population
with explicit permission.
>>REGINA: OK.
Before we even go any
further, this is probably
a preemptive question, but--
>>STEVENS: I like them.
>>REGINA: What do
you think is going
on in terms of the
military industrial complex
and chemtrails?
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Who is--
>>STEVENS: Who can afford
it is what it comes down to.
Who can afford the
hundreds of billions,
if not great a trillion or
two, over the course of a--
>>REGINA: Hiring private
contractors to do it.
These are usually
unmarked craft.
>>STEVENS: And the ones I have
seen in the early paperwork
that I read is like we're
going in our own aircraft,
our own airline, to do this.
But if we have Chemtrail
Air up there, then,
OK, well, this fleet is
decidedly independent
of this fleet, and who's
going to get the landing
spaces at Kennedy,
at National Airport,
at St. Louis, and
all these airplanes.
So, what I learned very early
on was that we were dealing
with planes that looked
like Southwest Airlines,
looked like United
Airlines, looked like,
looked like, looked like, looked
like everything that we're
familiar with.
Because if they were B-52, if
they were C-4s, if they C-17s--
>>REGINA: They were commercial
craft that have been outfitted.
>>STEVENS: They have to be.
Disguised.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEVENS: Disguised.
And so, as long as people--
and we were very well aware
of the dumbing down of
the population via all
of the mechanisms
that are available.
We don't question anymore.
It's too painful to know,
so we just don't question.
>>REGINA: Well, and then as
researchers started uncovering,
there were people who did
whistle blow a little bit.
Not a lot on chemtrails, oddly.
Not very many pilots
dare spoke about it,
but you'd hear from someone's
brother-in-law who'd
sneak a picture to so-and-so
because he was involved,
and we ended up with pictures
such as those nozzles
underneath the aircraft
emitting this aerosol.
>>STEVENS: And I would
see those pictures
and say, well, they're just
static electricity dissipaters.
>>REGINA: No, you could see
little nozzles squirting it.
>>STEVENS: And there's-- so, my
understanding is that we have
Boeing, obviously, a part of it.
Airbus, obviously a part of it.
Lear Jet, Gulfstream, Cessna,
all of these aircraft companies
get order books that we
need an aircraft built
to this specification.
Doesn't have to be at the
regular commercial plant.
We can have mirrored
facilities elsewhere.
Or they're built
to a specification
and then delivered
to the end user which
does the final modifications.
>>REGINA: And they land
in very specific spots
for refueling and
taking on the chemicals
that it's not at
commercial airports.
>>STEVENS: That's
my big question.
>>REGINA: No one can
find out where they land.
>>STEVENS: And I
don't know if I'm
ready to speculate on the air
about what happens with them
and where those base
of operations are.
>>REGINA: Why not speculate
if you call it speculation?
>>STEVENS: I think there's
other dimensional craft.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STEVENS: They don't
have to touch ground.
Why bring all of those
planes in and intermixed
with an already busy populace?
You've got terminals that
have to have passengers.
You've got planes
waiting for them.
It's too complicated.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>STEVENS: So, you
keep them airborne.
>>REGINA: Because that
is the big question.
No one seems to
be able to answer
where they land and refuel,
take on the stuff, and go from.
>>STEVENS: I think
there are probably
like Lockheed Martin
triangles, the ones
that the planes are
robotically flown.
They come in, and it doesn't
look like that big of a craft,
but once you get inside,
you're like, oh, my God,
this is the biggest.
You know, 15 football stadiums.
>>REGINA: So, you think it
may not even require landing
terrestrially, so to speak.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And that could very well be.
>>STEVENS: And it
keeps the secrets.
>>REGINA: Well, it does.
And also, I've interviewed
so many people,
and it's fairly commonly
known that we've
had the technology on
this planet to create
those vehicles for a very long.
>>STEVENS: A long
time, a long time.
>>REGINA: OK, so that's
your speculation.
We're labeling it
as such, and I think
it's a very interesting theory.
Now we're going to
get into your story.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, right!
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: So, there were
satellite images once
upon a time of square clouds.
I want to get to that
part of your story.
What started peaking you?
>>STEVENS: It was 2003 and
'04, and I was dealing with
accuracy.
I had a responsibility to an
audience that chose me for--
>>REGINA: Where
were you doing this?
>>STEVENS: I was
in eastern Idaho.
I was in a station called KPVI,
and I ultimately was there just
not quite 10 years.
>>REGINA: And you
were a meteorologist?
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And you were trained--
>>STEVENS: I went to the
University of Kansas.
>>REGINA: OK, all right.
There you go.
>>STEVENS: I got
into meteorology
because of Boy Scouts.
It was the Boy
Scout merit badge,
and that was July of '78.
I was 12 years old.
I was looking through the book.
What can I do?
What can I do merit badge-wise?
Weather.
Oh, easy, easy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
here you are today.
>>STEVENS: Pull this one out.
I got to do this one.
So, that was how it all started.
And so, by the end of
that month of connecting
with the local
television meteorologist,
building a weather station,
watching him three times a day,
and doing my own weather log
and verifying his forecasts,
I was hooked.
>>REGINA: You really took it on.
You bought all the equipment.
You were a sky watcher
doing time lapse photography
with multiple cameras.
>>STEVENS: This
was my discovery,
because after I realized Bill
Bearden's work was valid,
that there were resonance
patterns in the sky that
were changing the weather that
I was forecasting without me
knowing how.
So, I'm expecting
an 8-inch snowfall.
I've got the road departments.
I've got the ski resorts.
I've got the kids at school.
I've got the bus drivers.
All these people watching me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
right, depending on you.
>>STEVENS: You're the point of
information, the point source,
and my goal was always to beat.
The Weather Service.
Beat the Weather
Service while they try
to beat the computer models.
So, they're beating the
computers, and I'm like,
I see their end
result, and I'm like,
guys, guys, pull your heads out.
This is what's going to happen,
and I had a pretty good record.
But by early 2000s,
storms that should
have been delivering
snow were not,
and the West was
descending into drought.
Year after year after
year, the drought worsened
because these storms
were coming ashore,
and they were not delivering
the quantity of snow
or the length of time that they
were supposed to be overhead
and snowing went
from an 8-inch snow
to an inch and a
half or a trace.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
I lived at Lake Tahoe for years,
and when I was living there,
we got up to 30
feet of snow a year.
Now, if they get 6 or 8 feet.
And so, people say,
hey, things change.
Weather patterns change.
You're saying baloney.
>>STEVENS: No, weather
patterns do change,
but they don't
change to that degree
without some kind
of artificial input,
and that was the delta,
the change in value.
Whether it was humidity,
whether it was wind direction,
there was some delta
that I wasn't capturing.
And so, as I had my
world view change,
seeing satellite
imagery that just
had these storms, this cold
front up in Montana just sliced
and diced, I'm like,
there's nothing
about this that's right.
Nothing!
>>REGINA: How did you
continue during your job?
>>STEVENS: I had
to have patience.
I had to have great
patience with myself,
and to be honest
with you, it was
like getting sucker punched.
You come back from
that event, you're
like, I can't do this
anymore because I don't know
if I'm telling you the truth.
I don't have the
conviction in my forecast
because there's
something else going on
that I can't discuss with you.
And so, there's a direct
attack on your ability
to be integrous
with your audience.
>>REGINA: And your
credibility, ultimately.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
And that is made forecast
by forecast by forecast,
one person at a time, and that's
how you build an audience.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now you've discovered this.
You don't feel like you're in
integrity because you really
can't accurately forecast
because of this delta or an X
factor.
Now, you brought up Tom Bearden.
You brought up the word
"scalar waves" a few times.
I think you need to explain
to the audience the nature.
>>STEVENS: What I wanted to do
was find these waves in action.
>>REGINA: Well, tell
people what these waves
are before you-- yeah.
>>STEVENS: What they
do is they open a void.
I understand that there
is one set of waves
that you can literally--
in Bearden's work,
you have to cross
the wave patterns,
and in this
interference pattern,
there can be
endothermic, meaning
pulling heat out of a zone of
interference, or exothermic,
adding heat in.
>>REGINA: And that's where our
free energy devices come in.
>>STEVENS: Thank
you, that would have
solved our CO problem that
started me down this road
in the first place.
So, what I was seeing
in Idaho as these winter
storms were coming
ashore, that the storm
should have started snow.
Should have started snowing.
I'm like, come on,
come on come on.
Should have been
here three hours ago,
and the line of the
western edge of the snow
just wouldn't happen.
So, I'd leave the 10
o'clock newscast, get home,
and I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm watching the radar.
It should have started
8, 9, 10 hours ago.
I got to go to
bed at some point.
I'd get up, go outside,
let the dogs out,
and I would hear
planes, low and slow.
WTF?
What are they doing here?
1:00 in the morning, no planes,
commercial plane, big planes,
what are they doing here?
Data point.
And so then, by August of '04,
I saw a beautiful blue August
afternoon, a 747, bright green
paint scheme, low overhead,
trail, horizon to horizon.
I'm like, oh, there we go.
That's a chemtrail.
I'm a believer.
I've seen it now.
>>REGINA: By moonlight,
you can see them clearly.
>>STEVENS: You can.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEVENS: So that winter,
I bought four cameras, two
computers, time lapse software.
I would come home from the
evening news at 10 o'clock
and render the movies
and just watch,
because I figured if there were
something that was happening
in the time lapse, that I
could then deliver a better
forecast to my people.
But what I found was that these
planes were not just up there
willy nilly flying around.
They were not out
there doing what
is now termed solar radiation
management, creating
a blanket of clouds to
inhibit the sun from warming
the planet any further.
It was the farthest
thing from that.
There was incredible
precision in these flights.
A plane would fly,
leave a break.
Maybe part of the
whole trail wouldn't
stay illuminated or visible.
But then what was
most fascinating
was another plane would come
along and hit that exact spot.
>>REGINA: That break.
>>STEVENS: That break,
or the exact end of it,
or it would come
through at an angle.
So what I then
realized, that they're
using these waves,
these resonance waves,
in the atmosphere.
>>REGINA: Now, let's
stop for a moment.
Most people are
thinking, wait a minute,
I thought they were
spraying aerosols,
and you're saying they're
using resonant waves.
So now, let's talk about the
projection of those scalar
waves versus the aerosol, and
then how the two come together.
>>STEVENS: Let's use the
analogy of shingling a roof.
If you want to shingle
the roof correctly,
you've got to have chalk lines.
So, the guys go up there,
and at the interval
that they want to lay
down the shingles,
they'll snap a chalk line.
Snap a chalk line so they'll
leave a residue in the sky,
so they know where to
put down the shingle
so you get a straight line.
The same thing is happening
in the atmosphere.
>>REGINA: So, the straight
line are the scalar waves,
or the shingles are
the scalar waves?
>>STEVENS: The scalar
waves need to have
some kind of orientation
before they're
introduced into the atmosphere.
>>REGINA: So, you're
saying that the laying down
of the chemtrail itself is the
linear plane where the scalar
energy is going
to be introduced.
>>STEVENS: That's
the sightline, pulse.
Sightline, pulse.
Sightline, pulse,
>>REGINA: Because this
is the part of the story
you never hear of.
>>STEVENS: Nope, because
we're so concerned about it's
fallout, what's in them?
Uh-uh.
Why?
>>REGINA: No one's
brought it up before.
>>STEVENS: And there's
even been movies.
One of Michael Murphy's, "Why
In The World Are They Spraying."
But it was largely--
>>REGINA: They don't talk about
the notion of scalar waves.
>>STEVENS: So
they're missing it.
They're missing it entirely,
and there's still another topic
that we talked about earlier.
>>REGINA: On the phone or here?
>>STEVENS: On the phone.
>>REGINA: OK, bring it up.
>>STEVENS: That was orgone.
>>REGINA: We did, and we're
going to get to the orgone,
but I have a question.
Yes, we're getting there.
I have another question.
One thing I've seen
in Sedona, I mean,
when I first moved
there in 2000,
the skies were cobalt blue.
That's why everybody
moved there.
You don't get that many
cobalt blue days now.
You get a lot of chemtrail--
>>STEVENS: Mushy.
>>REGINA: Mushy days.
But when it is clear enough,
I see these gray black lines
that often are at the
front edge a chemtrail,
and I'll see them going
horizontally down as well.
Have you seen the those?
>>STEVENS: Often.
>>REGINA: OK, so
what do you think
those gray black lines are?
They don't appear to be aerosol.
They don't spread out.
>>STEVENS: No, and initially
they were called black beams.
>>REGINA: OK, so no
one's talked about them.
I want to know what they are.
>>STEVENS: Geometry.
They're shadows.
You have a point
light, point source.
Obviously, in a good
studio you don't
have a single point
of light to broadcast,
but if you've got
the sun here, you've
got a plane here
with the trail here,
then you're going to have
a shadow cast down here.
>>REGINA: Ah!
>>STEVENS: And if
you've got a particulate
of at least a minimum
density, you're
going to see the
sides, either side,
of the shadow
illuminated, so you're
going to see a dimming
effect in that shadow.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>STEVENS: And if
you're looking up,
and the sun's there,
the plane's shadow
has got to be within
about a 20 degree
spread either side of
where that chemtrail is.
Of that trail.
Doesn't have to be a chemtrail.
It's just a trail shadow.
>>REGINA: It's always
been a mystery.
I always wondered
what those were.
>>STEVENS: Shadow, shadow.
>>REGINA: So, that's
not either one.
That's simply an
effect of those.
>>STEVENS: In a time
lapse, you'll see them.
You'll see them in time lapse,
left and right, left and right.
Oh, there it is, there
it is, there it is.
>>REGINA: Right, right, OK.
So, now by 2005,
you're understanding
now they're sculpting weather.
Now, let's talk about your
journey at this point,
once you realized weather
patterns were being sculpted.
>>STEVENS: Let's go
back one year to 2004.
I was on the air,
and Florida was
being hammered by hurricanes,
one after the other
after the other.
And they virtually exhausted
the alphabet with named storms
that particular year.
>>REGINA: I remember.
>>STEVENS: And a guy by
the name of George Ure,
he runs a website called
urbansurvival.com,
and he was a former
news director.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>STEVENS: I liked
his Peoplenomics blog.
And so, it was kind
of like bugout.
This is what's
happening economically.
And then he had another
guest, Clif High, who does--
>>REGINA: I know Clif High.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, his
Half Past Human work.
So I was fascinated with it.
And so, George in October
of '04 openly questioned.
You know, hurricane
season is still raging.
Quote, "Might any of these
have any scalar signatures
or related to scalar
weather control technology?"
>>REGINA: He asked
that question?
>>STEVENS: He asked
that question publicly.
I read it.
And I thought, well,
obviously, obviously,
and I can show you the resonance
patterns that they're creating.
Then I sat with that
thing the whole day.
Do I write him?
Do I come out and share
what I've learned?
And so, by the time I got
home from the late news,
I was like I got to write him.
Let's just see what happens.
I'll just write it and see
if it's worthy of sending.
So, like four hours
later, I'd attached
pictures, and radar, and
satellite, and just basically
a five-page dossier
and sent it to him.
He published it
the next morning.
And I knew it.
If I knew it, how long
would I stay employed?
How long?
>>REGINA: Right.
Would you stay employed?
>>STEVENS: How
long will it last?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEVENS: The
answer was 11 months.
11 months.
>>REGINA: Did the
station call you on it?
>>STEVENS: No, because
I didn't necessarily
consultant them before I
sent the-- I just did it.
>>REGINA: I mean, did they
find out what you were up to?
>>STEVENS: Yeah, fairly quickly.
>>REGINA: And were they upset
with you for having done so?
>>STEVENS: Within 24
hours, my general manager
was getting questions.
Does he work there?
I Yes, he does, and he's one
of our most valued employees.
So, he had to.
He had the back me up right
out of the gate, and he did.
He did.
And ultimately, we
came to an agreement
that Scott, this is a passion
of yours, and it's important.
Just do it on your time.
Fine, fine.
>>REGINA: That was nice.
That was very considerate.
>>STEVENS: Give me that
freedom, and thank you.
His name was Bill Fouch,
and he's a good man.
>>REGINA: Not many
news directors
will actually do that.
>>STEVENS: No.
>>REGINA: No less, I
mean, general managers.
Yeah, so kudos to him.
OK, let's talk about
those vector points
and what is actually happening
there when you introduce
the subject of scalar waves.
>>STEVENS: Because the
vector points and satellite
imagery will emerge as, well,
they'll show up as holes.
You look at any
visible satellite
imagery on close inspection,
and if the resolution is about 1
kilometer-- this
is for those that
know and want to go looking on
their own-- you'll see holes,
usually a pair of holes.
And if you end up
under those holes,
you'll see the cloud
patterns actually
change depending on where
they are and cardinal points
on these holes.
So, what I realized is that
they're using-- exactly.
>>REGINA: I'm
drawing all this now.
>>STEVENS: They'll
use these holes.
>>REGINA: They look like
feathers and zippers.
>>STEVENS: Um-hum.
They'll use these holes and
rotate them around one another,
and then the storm
is wrapped around
between these two anchor holes.
Being in the Pacific
Northwest, our keen interest
is what's happening
in the Pacific.
And as you see, what's called
an extra tropical cyclone
or a regular closed low
showing up in the Pacific,
it should have a circular
opening or a circular point.
They're all squares now.
They're all elongated squares
with these holes at the end.
And chemtrails are not
isolated to just where
you are seeing them.
They're a global phenomenon.
You can go way out
into the Pacific.
Hurricane Sandy,
for example, which
had a dramatic impact
on the 2012 elections.
Impacted them directly.
There's a material
return on that storm,
and our concerned with climate
change, global warming,
we've got to do
something to protect
the shores, especially of one
of our most expensive cities,
New York, and New
Jersey, and Connecticut.
So, I get an email nine days
ahead of its eventual landfall.
They're going to bring
Sandy ashore to [INAUDIBLE],
and I'm like, oh, no, no, no.
I looked at the models, and only
one curled Hurricane, Sandy,
into the mid-Atlantic coast.
So, I wrote it back.
I said, it's a
possibility, but it really
looks like it's going
to just go out to sea.
So then I wind back,
wind back, wind back.
OK, what's the impulse that
will eventually capture Sandy?
I find it just coming into
view over the far, far
Western Bering Strait.
Click over to
water vapor imagery
because these
trails are hugely--
they're ionizable salts,
and they're desiccants.
They pick up water.
And I see that place
hammered with trails.
Go back and forth, look
at the [INAUDIBLE].
>>REGINA: Traced it.
>>STEVENS: And I'm like, oh,
they're going to do something.
They're going to use
this thing, and that's
exactly what happened.
It's all the way
as it transitioned
across the far north
Gulf of Alaska,
down into the Western states,
across the Gulf of Mexico,
then arced out across
South Carolina.
It pulled, literally just like
two balls with a rubber band,
just swung back ashore.
So that was an engineered event.
That was an engineered
event to a political end.
And so, Defense
Secretary William Cohen
back in '97 talks about
"others," quote unquote,
"the infallible others" using
electromagnetic technology
as a form of eco-terrorism.
And so, that's how I look at it.
Weather control is
just eco-terrorism.
Who's your target?
>>REGINA: And we
talked about this.
He who owns the weather wins.
Before when we were
talking on the phone doing
original research a
couple weeks ago or so,
you were talking about this
all started back during,
essentially, World
War II, so give us
a little bit of that
background about the psyche
around the subject of owning
or controlling weather,
and then we'll move forward.
>>STEVENS: Battles.
Major battles are won or
lost because of weather.
Whether it's the
Siege of Stalingrad,
whether it's the
Battle of the Bulge,
whether it's D-day, whether you
can see your target with B-29s
as you're over
Hiroshima or Nagasaki.
Weather controls war.
Who wins, who loses, how
long it takes to win or lose,
or to have your
opponent submitted.
And if you could have
the weather on your side,
it is, as this Air Force paper
says, a force multiplier.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STEVENS: Why go
out hunting deer
with a shotgun when you
can have a sniper rifle?
And that's the difference.
And the chemtrails
are the laser sight.
There still is a kinetic
weapon, and that's the bullet.
>>REGINA: So, let's
move it forward.
You said the word
"eco-terrorism."
Let's talk about events
that are well-known
and the ways in which those
storms changed our reality.
We can go to Katrina.
We can go to any number of them.
>>STEVENS: That's the one
I'm most well-known for.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
know that one was--
>>STEVENS: That's the one that
got me fired, was Katrina.
>>REGINA: Yep.
Yes, so, let's go ahead
and talk about that.
>>STEVENS: Because
it was a big event.
Katrina was a big,
changing event.
There were great--
and this is all
because some aspects
of what was happening
in the Cabinet of the Bush
administration are now known.
We've got handwritten
notes from Karl Rove
that martial law was the goal.
That was the goal.
So if they had to blow
levies, even if the hurricane
didn't make landfall
on New Orleans
but was still 90
miles farther east,
that the winds barely got
to hurricane strength,
but yet we still had to
flood out the 9th Ward.
We still had to
create the conditions.
>>REGINA: To get FEMA going.
>>STEVENS: To get the FEMA in.
And then we have
this law called--
we have this point of
crystallization that can then
multiply out from there.
>>REGINA: Let's look at it
from a weather point of view.
Go ahead.
>>STEVENS: There's
still one other thing,
and that is human nature.
And more often than not,
because of the evolvement
of the race over the
last couple of centuries,
is we're more inclined to help
one another rather than stab
one another in the back when
these kind of events happen,
and that is the randomizing
effect that they are not
counting on.
>>REGINA: That's correct.
>>STEVENS: It is the goodness--
>>REGINA: Of human.
>>STEVENS: --that lies
within each of us.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Boy, they don't get that one.
>>STEVENS: No, they don't.
>>REGINA: And they
can't calculate for it.
>>STEVENS: No.
They can't, and they have
tried, and tried, and tried,
and tried, and can't
get it to catch.
>>REGINA: Well, OK.
So FEMA showed up.
Not very effectively,
but no showed up.
>>STEVENS: No, by design.
>>REGINA: Yeah, by
design, not effectively.
Left people literally stranded.
>>STEVENS: In the hot Superdome,
waiting for chaos to erupt.
And no, people end up
helping each other as best
they could to the limits of
the resources that they had.
And then finally, the
local government is saying,
guys, you know,
you promised help.
Where is it?
And it wasn't until it
got publicly uncomfortable
for the administration to
then let loose the National
Guard, let loose
FEMA, to let loose
the resources that were held
intentionally in reserve.
And I could see, looking at
the pattern of that hurricane,
that there was this technology,
these resonant patterns,
these sacred geometric
patterns all over Katrina.
>>REGINA: That's what
I was asking you.
>>STEVENS: All over.
Pentagrams, hexagrams, all of
this other resonance pattern.
And ultimately, I think,
at the base of creation,
at the base where the
manifest is yet unseen,
there is this sacred
geometry, and it
manifests in this realm
via boundary layers
that these chemtrails get
juice, that this technology
that they use stimulates.
And this was some of
the big resistance
in the wake of Katrina going
big and my getting out there
on the national stage.
Because I did BBC.
I did Lou Dobbs.
I had Salt Lake sat trucks
up in front of the house.
I had all of that attention,
and the regular meteorologists,
the guys over here
in Boulder at NCAR,
National Center for Atmospheric
Research, how can this happen?
They're stuck in thermodynamics,
that the heat and the humidity
has to be present within the
parcel of atmosphere for effect
to happen, and that's bull.
That's bull.
And when you begin to understand
how the esoteric and the unseen
realm can be brought
into this realm,
then the quantity of energy
becomes not a problem.
Not a problem.
Then you can stimulate
a category 1 hurricane
to a category 4 in 18 hours.
>>REGINA: Can you, or do you,
still watch to that extent
where you can predict
more or less where
some kind of cataclysmic
event might occur?
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
Yeah.
Although to be honest
with you, there's
a fatigue that's got to set in.
>>REGINA: Oh, I understand that.
>>STEVENS: It's
just like, why, why?
They're going to
use it to whatever
ends they are that they have.
>>REGINA: I understand.
There's a point at which all
of that passion and the warrior
just starts getting worn down.
Like yeah, I mean, I've
pointed it out, guys,
but what are we
going to do about it?
>>STEVENS: What
can we say again?
>>REGINA: Yeah, what are
we going to do about it.
Well, let's talk about
some of the end effects.
Let's talk about the
drought in the west,
and let's talk about El Nino
and what should have been,
could have been, what's
happening right now.
Right now we're in the winter.
>>STEVENS: Deep.
>>REGINA: Deep winter,
so let let's talk
about that and any
other aspect of how
this weather, this
manipulation of weather,
can affect very large
global economies.
>>STEVENS: I honestly
thought that this
would have been the end
of the California drought,
that their pattern
in eco-terrorism
is to slam the biosphere.
Too hot, too cold.
Too dry, too wet.
And in between those
extremes, there
is only a sliver of peace,
and in that sliver of peace
is where prosperity
and production happens.
And so, we're
either too stressed
because we're
dealing with floods,
we're bailing out basements,
we can't get the crops in,
we can't get the crops out.
We can't, we can't, we can't.
And then when it's too dry, you
go, please, will it harvest?
Will it mature?
Will it, will it, will it?
And so, what could be
an abundant crop ends up
being at 85% productive.
And then there's this 15% that
has to come out of storage,
or is of such low quality that
it ends up being animal food,
or is laden with pesticide.
So, there's always a reason
why they do what they do,
but I really thought
that El Nino would have
had the rivers running high.
>>REGINA: Because
everything you could see--
>>STEVENS: Would have
pointed that direction.
>>REGINA: Would have pointed
that direction, and what
are you seeing instead?
This is, I think
last I saw, seventh,
maybe it slipped to eighth,
largest economy in the world,
California.
>>STEVENS: All by its lonesome.
>>REGINA: All by its lonesome.
It's a country unto itself.
>>STEVENS: In so many ways.
>>REGINA: In so many ways.
I'm from there.
[LAUGHTER]
In so many ways.
They say all the fruits
and nuts rolled west.
>>STEVENS: Right.
And the shells are left.
>>REGINA: So, looking at
it from a natural point
of view of what El
Nino should have been,
let's talk about
what's happened.
>>STEVENS: It should
have been raining.
The rain should have
started in late October,
and the jet stream is
in no configuration
even close to what a typical
El Nino would have been.
>>REGINA: I mean,
they're getting rain
but it's not even close.
>>STEVENS: It's not even El
Nino rains because that would
require the high pressure ridge
that's been over the Great
Basin to Utah, Western
Colorado, back into California
to give up the ghost and go
migrate to the Carolinas.
That has not happened.
When that gives
up and moves east,
that allows the Canadian vortex
that's usually over the Hudson
Bay to migrate west, and then
that sets up the entire Pacific
to hammer the western
US so you end up
getting an entire winter, winter
and a half, worth of moisture.
And that ridge is
locked in place.
It's in the mountains west.
It'll give up the ghost
for 24, 48, 72 hours tops.
>>REGINA: Enough to
give a window of rain.
>>STEVENS: And then
the "press" can
say we're getting
our El Nino rains,
but when you look
back at climatology
and how much is actually come,
we're still shy of even normal.
>>REGINA: Because it
was supposed to be,
what, 25 to 100
inches was predicted?
What have they gotten?
>>STEVENS: Not near that.
Not near that.
Most of the places aren't
10 to 15 inches yet.
And usually, how January goes
is how the winter is going end.
You get a-- I've
seen enough of them
that usually if you
don't get it by January,
you're just limping through
the rest of the winter.
>>REGINA: Instead,
what we have is
a lot of really chilly
patterns in the west.
I mean, here we have
the warm patterns
that everybody's been writing
about on the East Coast, 70
degrees at winter
on the East Coast,
where in Sedona,
every day I woke up,
it was under 30 degrees
for quite a while.
>>STEVENS: So, we'll get
the illusion of winter.
We'll get the illusion of El
Nino but without the meat,
without the substance that needs
to come out of the mountains
when the melt begins in April.
>>REGINA: In order
to keep that economy
and that produce flowing.
>>STEVENS: And it's
not sustainable
with these precipitation rates.
It's simply not sustainable.
And so, you see these
orchards being pulled up
by machinery, tree after
tree after almond tree being
pulled up.
And it hurts because I like
my almonds, I really do.
>>REGINA: My dad, we had
almond farms as kids.
>>STEVENS: I like
them, I really do.
>>REGINA: And the
price of them, which
has become a real
staple globally,
especially in the Americas,
has, well, almost doubled.
The prices have almost doubled
as a result of poor production.
>>STEVENS: And it has to.
That's just basic economics,
supply and demand.
And I don't buy them
to the rate that I
used to even just last year.
Just, I don't.
>>REGINA: Let's look at it more
from what people commonly call
a conspiratorial point of view.
What's going on,
in your opinion?
You've thought about
this a long time.
>>STEVENS: I have.
>>REGINA: You've
studied it a lot.
This is really your
life, is figuring out
why are they doing this?
>>STEVENS: It comes down
to anticipating an endgame.
Because I know in their
mind, in their world,
there has to be a way
out of this program,
and there is a truth of either
CO2 is keeping the planet warm,
and we need to institute a
program, a geoengineering
program, to counter
this warming, which
now hasn't really been
evident for nearly 20 years.
>>REGINA: I just read an article
on a mini ice age coming.
>>STEVENS: And that's the
view that I subscribe to,
is that that's what
we're headed into.
>>REGINA: OK, so
politically, let's go there.
Carbon credits.
The climate conference in Paris.
>>STEVENS: Who gets money
from carbon credits?
Who benefits?
Wall Street.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEVENS: Wall Street.
So, we had this illusory
need to trade carbon credits.
Can I trade your
breath for a mine,
or do we just-- [BREATHING].
>>REGINA: And who's
going to lose?
>>STEVENS: Yeah, who's going
to-- there's always a loser.
There's always
somebody who pays.
>>REGINA: Who's going
to lose on those trades?
>>STEVENS: Yep, then
it's the cattle.
It's us.
>>REGINA: So, you
pretty much subscribe
to the whole global
warming thing.
>>STEVENS: Trust me, I talked
to third, and fourth, and fifth,
and sixth graders
while I was on the air.
Yes, I did that.
I did that schtick.
I did it.
I did my duty to the mainstream.
And once I came-- well, it
changed my worldview in '04.
If they're playing
with the weather,
the baseline of what's
really happening is lost.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STEVENS: We don't know
what's really happening.
>>REGINA: that's correct.
Perfect answer.
>>STEVENS: So, how do
you say it's warming?
How do you say it's cooling?
And the sun is profoundly
signaling ice age.
It's going quiet.
That is very, very clear.
So, the only conclusion, then,
that this program is being
used for is to keep us warm.
It's only there to keep us warm
and to create these big issues
so we'll voluntarily "please
tax me so we don't have any more
tornadoes, please!
God, this has got to stop!
Tax me!"
And that's what they want us
beaten into submission to,
so we'll willingly bring
upon geoengineering rather
than to say, well, we've really
been doing it all this time,
and then Sierra Club and
National Environmental Defense
Fund all have to throw up this
feign of, oh, my God, you know,
you're going to mess with it.
You don't know
what you're doing.
Well, yeah, we've been
doing it for 60 years.
You didn't know that.
>>REGINA: But aren't these
groups fully aware of that,
do you think?
>>STEVENS: I don't know.
Publicly, they are
not, and they are not
willing to go there, either.
They're not willing to go there.
So, I quit writing checks
to them 10 years ago.
You guys are frauds.
Top to bottom, you're frauds,
because if you won't even
look at this issue, what's
the point of supporting you?
It's so apparent.
>>REGINA: And so,
now it's changed.
The language isn't so much
global warming anymore
as climate change.
>>STEVENS: Sure.
Define that for me.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
what does that mean?
Yeah, if you're changing the
weather all over the planet
willfully, we do
have climate change.
You could stop playing
with it, and then we
wouldn't need to have
all of your intervention,
and your carbon
credits, and so forth.
>>STEVENS: And that's
another question
that I would like to
know the answer to,
is what would happen if
we stopped cold turkey?
Planes didn't fly at all.
All the technology turned off.
>>REGINA: Have you
ever modeled it?
What would happen?
>>STEVENS: What would happen.
I have no idea, and I
don't know that they know,
and they might be
terrified to find out.
Terrified.
>>REGINA: Right.
They've been
controlling it so long.
I mean, at least
they can predict
what's going to happen because
they're going to create it.
>>STEVENS: And I've seen enough
breaks and trails, and smears
and trails, that other planes
come along precisely, and mark
out dispersion patterns.
So, these planes are
doing a ballet in the sky
so they know exactly,
I mean, exactly what's
happening with the
atmosphere, top to bottom.
Top to bottom.
>>REGINA: So, why do we
have these natural disasters
continuing to occur in
third world nations?
>>STEVENS: They want them.
They want them.
>>REGINA: Because they
have so little strength
and play in the larger
picture, often, anyway?
>>STEVENS: Yes and
no, and now that's
going another rabbit hole.
>>REGINA: OK, let's.
>>STEVENS: You're too willing.
[LAUGHS]
It comes down to another
aspect of human nature,
that we are not just
physical beings, that there's
an energetic part of us.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STEVENS: And either
we're in a good space.
We are in love and
contentment and gratitude,
or we are in despair.
We are in fear.
We are in a mode of flight.
And they're very different
energetic profiles,
and you're going to attract
different entities depending
on what you exude.
>>REGINA: You're
talking about entities
as in interdimensional or
other than human entities.
>>STEVENS: Sure.
All life feeds on life.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEVENS: So, plants feed off
the minerals, animals feed off
the plants, and we feed off
that other, higher animal form
plus the plants, so we're
at the top of that pyramid.
Or are we?
What's just above us?
And now we're in
the unseen realms
where the occult is very,
very popular and very, very
powerful, and that's where the
elites have their play day.
>>REGINA: And
that's where you're
talking about using human
emotions, thought forms and so
forth, as a type
of fuel or food.
>>STEVENS: What's the difference
between a day in Cleveland
that is sunny and 55 in January
versus one that is cloudy?
You've got sleet
that's 34 degrees,
and there's a north
wind off the lake?
There's a very different
energetic profile.
>>REGINA: And obviously,
throughout history there
have always been
changes in the weather.
>>STEVENS: Obviously.
>>REGINA: You have your winter,
and you have your summer.
You have your happy days, and
you have your rainy, sad days.
>>STEVENS: We feel them.
>>REGINA: And we feel them,
and you're saying that this is
being amplified so that
we can have more of a--
>>STEVENS: Feast.
>>REGINA: Feast.
They, whoever they
are, might have
more of a feast on
these downward spiraling
emotions of despair.
And I mean, it's not
just being depressed
because it's a rainy day.
>>STEVENS: It's much
bigger than that.
>>REGINA: People are in despair.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, it's
bigger than that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STEVENS: And
economically, there's
an agenda as well with warfare.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
That's why I brought
up California
and the starving of the seventh
largest economy in the world.
>>STEVENS: And it is
a beautiful state.
It is a beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful state.
>>REGINA: It's so gorgeous.
Everything is in California.
>>STEVENS: Everything is.
And who wouldn't
want to be there?
>>REGINA: Now,
let's go into this.
You're talking about now
we're down the rabbit hole.
The one thing about California
and the West in general,
and someone might take
exception to my saying this,
but these are, to me, the most
creative zones on the planet.
>>STEVENS: Agreed.
>>REGINA: And part of it, like
my family, no one's from there.
My parents each went to look
for their own pot of gold
when they were young, and met
each other in San Francisco,
and had me.
So, I'm a first
generation Californian,
but there weren't
a lot of people
in California at that time.
So, everyone left their family.
They left their tradition.
>>STEVENS: They immigrated.
>>REGINA: They immigrated.
It was a mass immigration
west, domestic immigration.
>>STEVENS: Of talent, of talent.
>>REGINA: of people looking
for something better.
They were leaving
behind restriction,
and the creativity
that came out of that
in this next generation, and
now even subsequent generations,
is very free
spirited compared to,
really, anywhere
else on the planet.
>>STEVENS: Agreed.
Agreed.
>>REGINA: So, what happens
when you take that population,
and they are in despair?
The creative zones
of the planet?
>>STEVENS: They move
to the front range.
>>REGINA: You can keep moving--
>>STEVENS: Yeah, you can.
>>REGINA: But you're
talking about--
>>STEVENS: Millions of people.
>>REGINA: Millions of people.
>>STEVENS: Upwards of
40 million in the state.
>>REGINA: It's coming
close to 40 million people.
>>STEVENS: Very close.
I think there are
other things that
are going to happen in
and around California,
and the elite always telegraph
these messages ahead of time.
>>REGINA: So, let's talk
about the telegraphing.
What are we being told?
What's hiding in plain
sight for those who can see?
>>STEVENS: Get away
from the coast.
I think they're really
telling people to come inland.
I firmly, firmly, firmly
believe that it's not
the time to be on the coast.
I was personally directed
through similar experiences
with those very near me to
be high in the mountains.
>>REGINA: I get
the same messaging,
and I'm in a nice, pretty
stable place up there Sedona,
in the rocks at 4,500 feet,
but it because of that.
Yet, my loved ones
are on the coast.
>>STEVENS: And so, why
are people in California?
What draws them there?
And then there's
the other aspect
that we've all had
many, many past lives,
and we tend to
repeat patterns from
those previous experiences.
And there are
other civilizations
which have adored the
water, were right there,
and then it all ended.
>>REGINA: And?
>>STEVENS: And they're
those same people.
>>REGINA: Yes, from
that point of view.
That's what I was going
to say as an overlay.
Some of the remnants of the
even earliest Lemurian cultures,
some of that energy, and spirit,
and reincarnations of entities
exists all along the West Coast.
>>STEVENS: Yep, all along.
And one of the other
experiences that my partner had
was that they're like
lemmings to the sea.
Lemmings to the sea.
>>REGINA: Which is natural.
>>STEVENS: It is
natural, but they have
to be given their experience.
>>REGINA: Because
it was beautiful.
>>STEVENS: And it still is.
>>REGINA: It is beautiful.
>>STEVENS: It still
is, but that doesn't
mean the elite
can't make it more
and more uncomfortable
for those to stay there.
And those that are like, OK,
you know, I kind of give up.
I give up on the hustle, the
bustle, the expense of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, outrageous.
>>STEVENS: The cost of living
there on so many levels
and choose to go
somewhere else, and I
think that's what's underway.
And I don't know how
much time there is.
I don't know how much time.
But I think because
you and I have
had those instincts-- I grew
up in Idaho listening to KFI
and-- obviously KNBR
in San Francisco.
>>REGINA: San Francisco, right.
>>STEVENS: And I adored
California, and I wanted to go,
wanted to go.
I really, really did.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, I was
there through all of it,
the leading edge of all of it.
And there is something
that is still--
for the adventurous
of spirit and mind,
it's still an incredible
draw, but as you say,
the people, and my family and
friends who are still there,
there is a fatigue that's
starting to set in.
The crowding, the notion that
resources are becoming scarcer.
The almond crops.
You know, everybody's
drinking almond milk
because they're
allergic to dairy.
Boom, it's doubled in price.
All of these things
are happening
to dampen the spirit there,
and that's what I'm getting to,
is this as a spiritual issue,
this wet weather modification
and its effect on our spirit.
>>STEVENS: It is.
And I think it's just,
again, one of their tools
where they're telegraphing
those that can hear,
those that can see,
that it's time to leave.
>>REGINA: So, what
do you see-- well,
as you say many, mountain
tops, go up high.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, mountain tops.
I'm at 8,000 feet.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're Crestone.
You're way up there.
>>STEVENS: To be honest
with you, I'm way up high.
And that was a series of
inner visions given to someone
I know very closely, and his
mom kept coming till to him
and said you need
to find this place.
You need to find this place.
And found it, and
moved there in '10.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and that's
how I feel about Sedona.
It's like that's
my landing place.
>>STEVENS: It's your treasure.
>>REGINA: It's
where I'm supposed
to be through these
times, and it pains me
because of all the people I
love that are on the coast.
>>STEVENS: I love the food
in San Francisco, and then
the people.
>>REGINA: It's my own city.
I love it.
>>STEVENS: It's a playground.
It's already a playground.
>>REGINA: I know it is but there
is something else going on.
And I have to say
that even going back
to San Francisco, which
I do all the time,
there's a different
energy there now.
It is becoming darker.
Have you seen that?
>>STEVENS: I had a dream
about San Francisco, recently.
>>REGINA: Tell us.
Tell us because I'm
feeling it every time I go.
It makes me sad.
It's not the happy day
it was when I was a kid.
>>STEVENS: And it has
kind of a freaky end.
>>REGINA: I don't mind.
Just share with us because if we
have friends and family, maybe
we can get them to
come be with us.
>>STEVENS: I was in a plane.
It was a commercial
plane, and we're
coming into San Francisco.
And two lady pilots,
both black, and there's
another black lady sitting
maybe two seats in front of me.
And I came into the
dream in this experience,
and I gave the
lady in front of me
a kiss to give forward to the
pilot, just an appreciation
for doing the great
things they do.
>>REGINA: Their
skill and talent.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
Thank you for getting
me there safely.
But then parts of this
plane start coming apart,
and people are sucked out.
Up front, up front, up
front, and then the plane's
coming into this flare to
land into San Francisco.
Two guys to my side and to
the back, part of the plane
opens up, and they
get sucked out of it.
Guys, sorry!
Didn't make it.
The plane lands,
and we're trying
to get towards the tarmac.
I look out the windows, and
there are bodies everywhere.
Mothers clutching kids,
and the whole thing
had this cast of gray.
All the color was gray, and
there were a few people walking
around, but they really
didn't know where to go
and what to do.
And so, we just kind of have
this quick little discussion
on the plane and decide
it's not safe to stay.
We cannot disembark here.
Despite the condition of the
aircraft, we needed to go.
It was decided we'd
go north to Portland.
And so, she applies the
throttle to the plane,
and we're not moving.
We're not moving.
So, she turns it
hard to the right,
and we realize
that we're dragging
this ladder, this yellow
ladder, this embarking,
disembarking ladder, and we're
tangled up on the wheels.
Somebody volunteers to get
off and disentangle it.
That happens, he
gets back on safely.
Thank you.
And then we throttle
forward to get airborne.
>>REGINA: To Portland.
>>STEVENS: To go to Portland.
And I know these
planes usually fly
with no more fuel
than an hour extra,
so Portland would
have been a stretch.
And I'm thinking
Sacramento would
have been a much safer move.
>>REGINA: Much safer, yeah.
>>STEVENS: But way
too low in elevation.
Not that Portland
isn't, but we just
decided Portland was
the better place to go.
And it's crazy because
there was a lot of energy.
There was a job for me that
showed up in San Francisco,
and all the wind for me to
want to have that opportunity
is gone.
I have no desire.
No desire.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
About three or four years
ago, I was there with my son,
and I said, you know, I
just have this sad feeling.
We're looking out
from China Basin.
on all of this,
and I've grown up with this, and
it's so deep in the my fabric.
It's my city, and it makes me
teary still thinking about it,
that this just isn't
going to continue.
I don't know when.
>>STEVENS: It's unsustainable.
>>REGINA: But it's
not going to continue,
and it was a very sad feeling,
really visceral feeling,
that whether it's now, whether
it's 10 years, whether it's
100 years in the future, this
beautiful thing was not going
to be there in the same way.
>>STEVENS: I'm feeling
we're at a point where
it's weeks to months.
Weeks to months.
>>REGINA: Really?
>>STEVENS: Things are that
close, weeks to months.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, we'll tuck that one away.
>>STEVENS: And the
other thing is nobody--
>>REGINA: No one knows.
>>STEVENS: --goes
before their time.
>>REGINA: No one goes
before-- exactly.
Everyone's got a
built-in expiration date,
and it's not going to happen
if it's not supposed to.
>>STEVENS: It doesn't
matter if you smoke or not.
>>REGINA: You're right.
I'm a big subscriber.
I've written about that.
I agree.
>>STEVENS: The day comes, and
you'll be glad when it comes.
Thank you, I'm outta here.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: There you go.
So, that's built-in on
a soul contract level,
so we shouldn't be
freaked out over that.
>>STEVENS: That's a
big point of contention
because a lot of people
don't believe that.
They don't have that
understanding yet.
>>REGINA: They think they're
at the whim of something else.
>>STEVENS: Yes, of
an anti-aging drug,
or if do this, or do that,
I'm going to live longer,
and that is one of the biggest
illusions that you can have.
And the doctors, the
whole medical industry,
holds that over people's head.
>>REGINA: I know, and
it's always shocking
when some long distance
runner and trainer that's
done everything right
drops dead at 40.
>>STEVENS: Hello, time's up.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>STEVENS: Soul's gone.
>>REGINA: So, now, you brought
something up a little bit ago.
We just--
>>STEVENS: Few minutes left?
>>REGINA: Yeah, we only
have a few minutes left.
Part of it for you is
you moved to Crestone.
You kind of disconnected
from the economic system
because you could see
this is all interwoven.
Whatever this control is that
feeds on despair is interwoven.
And so, for you, you went
a different direction.
We only have like three
or four minutes left.
Let's talk about the
direction you've gone.
How hard was it to
wean yourself off
of mainstream life, television,
having your audience to where
you are now?
>>STEVENS: I'll do
that very quickly.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Psychologically,
spiritually.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
But I was itchy.
I knew something
else was coming.
I absolutely knew, and I'd
even told my general manager
that I wouldn't renew
contract at the end.
And I was only going
to be 41 in 2007,
but I can't do this anymore.
I can't. there's
something else coming.
But when I moved
to Colorado, I had
met somebody who'd be
very important my life,
and he was made known
through his inner experiences
about a product called
ORMUS, or something called
ORMUS, Orbitally Re-arranged
Monoatomic Elements.
So, we started
Blue Water Alchemy,
and that has been kind of
where the energy has gone.
The planet gives us
everything we need.
There isn't anything that has
to be manufactured chemically
to keep us alive and healthy.
The planet gives
everything we need to us.
>>REGINA: It does,
and do you know what?
When you said that, it
just occurred to me,
one big area we were
going to talk about
and didn't was orgone.
We were going to talk
about Wilhelm Reich.
>>STEVENS: There's so much more.
>>REGINA: Wilhelm Reich and so
forth, and we didn't go there,
but the fact is the
technologies that
are being used for harm exist
and can be used to reverse it,
and for good.
>>STEVENS: And there's
never truly a drought.
California could be
saturated with water.
>>REGINA: He was drought
busting in Israel.
Back in the day, they
were using those devices.
>>STEVENS: North Africa.
>>REGINA: North Africa.
>>STEVENS: Water basins that
hadn't been filled in centuries
were puddles for
years that lasted.
>>REGINA: So, why haven't
really taken that on?
I mean, if whoever
they are doesn't, why
hasn't it been taken on?
>>STEVENS: When the leadership
of the planet changes,
that will happen, and not until.
>>REGINA: Do you think
our consciousness is
at a point where we're ready?
Look at the crazy stuff
happening here in America
with these elections coming up.
Do you think we're getting
ready for a big shift?
>>STEVENS: I do.
>>REGINA: Because I do.
>>STEVENS: I know
it's going to happen.
I absolutely know
>>REGINA: And I believe
people are good.
They're tired, but they're good.
>>STEVENS: I weep for
the day that it begins,
and it'll be such
a relief to know
that there is this bright day
to where we have our potential
and our future back, that it
is there, and it is still ours,
and it is still within reach.
It has never not been within
reach but we've been told we
can't, we can't, we can't.
>>REGINA: We just got
hoodwinked there for a while.
We weren't looking for it.
>>STEVENS: A couple generations.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a
couple generations.
We weren't prepared
for it, and now we are.
Now we're educating ourselves.
>>STEVENS: And so, the Nikola
Tesla's will come back.
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>STEVENS: They'll be here.
In fact, they're probably
already in body right now,
waiting for the ability to
become who they're destined
to become in this time.
>>REGINA: I believe that.
>>STEVENS: I do, too.
>>REGINA: Well, we're
on the same page
on just about everything.
That's been a fun
little conversation.
Thank you so much for
coming here and sharing
your perspective on it.
>>STEVENS: My pleasure.
>>REGINA: Which is just a
little different than some
of the other perspectives
on geoengineering.
>>STEVENS: There's so much more.
>>REGINA: So much more.
OK, maybe it requires a
followup conversation.
To follow Scott's work, you
can go to weatherwars.info,
or you can follow him
on Facebook or Twitter.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]